OK so we can it we get it and we can start creating the Verum the Vanner and we're going to need to
add some styles to it.
So I'm going to go right here to the public folder and I'm going to create a new folder for the CSSA
so I'm going to say C S S S just like that.
And it to create insights here assess a new stylesheet is going to be styles dot CSSA and I'm going
to go to the index that H-2 email and let me just put this down and right here I'm going to use for
this project to fonts.
It's going to be monotone or something like that.
And the famous rebozo are going to use that one are going to give you the link.
Don't worry.
If not you can go to Google fonts and get yourself or you can use a different front.
It doesn't really matter.
So.
OK.
We need to link the stylesheet that we have.
So I'm going to say link and then Rayle equal equals to stylesheet.
Right.
That's the first thing.
Now we need to add a reference so it's going to be age graph and then it's going to be inside C Ss that
for Slash styles.
And then that CSSA.
Right.
And then just close it.
So this should be working fine.
Looks nice.
OK.
So I'm going to go I'm going to just go to Home and right here.
Now if we take a look to the final project this banner could be just separate a separate component and
then the list could be a different component.
So we're going to create two different components one for the banner and different one for the artists.
I'm going to go right here and I get the inside components are going to create a component for banner
banner that jazz.
OK.
And then one for the artist app we're going to do it later.
Don't worry.
So OK now inside home I want to bring this Vanner components so I'm going to go right here at the bottom
and we can import Vanner from and then components.
We are in the same directory.
So it's going to be for Slash dot for Slash dot dot for Slash components sorry for Slash and then Vanner.
There you go.
So now it's always when you build and re-act application it's always a good idea to split the components
if you have kind of a separated idea right here inside the component and top you create creating new
components and you import it.
And they use it right here.
But you split everything up.
If you if you inspect a different project you're going to see that they split everything up.
So OK.
See we want access to this Vanner right here.
And this one is going to be the parent component the home.
So right here are going to make reference to components going into the home and go right here the bottom.
And we're going to call this Vanner.
We just import it.
So I'm going to say Vanner.
OK let's get.
So I'm going to go to the Vanner and create the same logic for this.
Import react from react.
And since the Vanner has no state has passed no state.
And actually we could use a state list status component and not a class component.
You know we don't need a state for this.
So it's always a good idea that if you don't need a state you just create a functional component.
So we're going to say Konst I'm going to say banner just like that.
This vendor receives no prompts.
So we're not going to send information or data to this Vanner So we just return some GSX.
OK.
There you go.
So this is going to be a dev and we're going to add a class name to it.
It's going to be equal to Vanner.
I go inside the inventor you're going to have going to have the main cover which is the image of the
girl.
They're going to have class name equal to main cover.
There you go.
And inside you can have just a logo.
It's a div.
And again just class name equal to logo.
Right.
And the logo is going to say music DVH.
Now at the bottom if you see if you see on the original project the finished project you can have like
a blue line right there.
So I'm going to go right here at the bottom and add this pan and then we can style that span.
OK.
Now since we want this component to be available inside home we need to export it.
So I'm going to go right here the bottom and say export default asks for default and then Vanner.
So if I go to the original we get this set.
This is good.
It means that they are just linked and they are working.
So let's go to the styles that see assess and at some styles to this.
It's not going to be really really hard you know.
OK so I'm going to go right here and say body and the body we can add a margin zero for the body we're
going to be using a fun family for the whole project.
We're going to use robo botto.
So it's going to see is going to say rowboat.
OK.
The background of go the background is going to be a a a a not a sports.
Yeah.
And then they begin to add some text for the things it's just global styling.
You can do text decoration and we can set it to none.
And then with the color we just inherit.
There we go.
So let's add the styles for the for the banner going to go right here.
Now I'm just going to add some comments right here so we can split everything up.
I'm going to say OK first we need to make reference to the banner.
So then we make reference to the main cover.
There we go.
So now the main cover is going to have a background.
So we say background and the background is going to be you are l then open and close and the L is going
to be indicted for Shlash images.
And then for Slash and cover that's going to be the main image.
Right.
So it's going to be a height of 400 pixels.
You're not going to be real specific with styles you know just to make it look good.
So you're going to say background and the background is going to be Macron size.
And then we get a cover so we can cover that section.
We're going to say background and then position and the background position it's going to be center
center and center right.
The position is going to be relative relative because we need to do something else inside.
So we're going to say relative.
And then again now the.
Now let's change the height.
Let's do let's do it a little bit bigger 465.
So far I reload.
That's fine.
OK.
So now what we need to do we need to do something else.
I'm going to go and specify the Vanner logo.
Just going to go right here.
Well you know I'm just not getting anything.
We should be getting something at least.
Let me just inspect this just to make sure.
Get in inspect the music divi logo main cover and just I suspect that I put Van Ness in that Vanner.
So we get something and that's it.
Let me grab the council and we can use the simulation of an iPhone.
Phone sex.
And just going to put this at the bottom OK.
Let's get right.
So we have the banner.
Now this logo need to center the logo right now.
So I'm going to go right here to the styles and we get to make reference to the Vanner.
And then just a dot logo.
OK.
So we're going to select the font family for this and the font family is going to be Minot's on.
OK let's get.
So we're going to have a position and the position is going to be absolute.
And that's why we made the container the parent container relative so we can center everything in the
middle of the screen.
You're going to say top the top.
It's going to be 50 percent.
The left is going to be 50 percent again and then begin to use transform to center everything.
Trents form right the transform you're going to use translate and then 50 percent and then 50 percent.
Right.
Everything is going to be kind of a center.
We need to that is to specify the width for this.
OK.
So we're going to say width and the width is going to be 100 percent.
And then we can decide to select the height and height it's going to be 62 pixels or whatever we're
going to select color and the color is going to be white.
And we're going to have fun size and the fun size is going to be 43 pixels and you can have a text line.
And this is a line that can be center
and it could have a Looks nice but there is something missing.
Let me check why on second with the inspectors.
So we have the main cover banner cover the logo and the logo.
It's kind of a going out of Fortran.
Let's see why.
Because we have we made a mistake with the translator.
So it's minus 50 percent.
That's good a minus coma and then minus 50 percent.
Let's get.
So now looks nice actually looks really really nice.
So let's add the blue line to this pan.
I'm going to say Vanner and then expand and then we to add a display block and then a height of 20 pixels
and the background we can add a background for hash tag 2 1 9 6 EF 3.
It's a nice light blue.
Right.
OK.
So if you you're bored with all this this information right here with the CSSA.
Well you can do.
You can go to get have to the project.
We would all the files are and you just can go and copy the CSSA and skip this part.
You can go right forward to the next election or when we just do this we do the do the actual react
and not ss.
But you know I've chosen to choose just to film those two recorders so you can see the whole process.
You can go to get have a copy of this and just paste it right here.
I could do the same thing.
But you know could be kind of confusing.
So OK.
Love that's fine.
The the the banner it's ready let's go to the next section and do the list the list of artists.